IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

KELLYN CLAY,
  Plaintiff,

v.

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
by and through its agencies including but not limited to
the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Department of Defense (DoD),
and Department of Justice (DOJ),

and

WILLIAM ALTON CLAY,
individually and in his capacity as executor of the Estate of Eugenia Clay Head,

and

PALANTIR TECHNOLOGIES INC.,
a private defense contractor headquartered in Denver, Colorado,

and

JOHN DOE CONTRACTING AGENCIES AND AFFILIATES,
whose names and identities are presently unknown,

and

AMAZON.COM, INC.,
a multinational e-commerce corporation headquartered in Seattle, Washington,

and

REV.COM, INC.,
a transcription and captioning services company headquartered in Austin, Texas,

and

PAPERBOY MARKETING,
a flyer distribution company operating in the Twin Cities under successive ownership during the period of Plaintiff’s employment,

and

ELLIE FAMILY SERVICES, n/k/a ELLIE MENTAL HEALTH, a private mental health services corporation headquartered in Mendota Heights, Minnesota,
  Defendants.

⸻ 

PLAINTIFF’S FIRST SET OF DISCOVERY REQUESTS TO DEFENDANT ELLIE FAMILY SERVICES, n/k/a ELLIE MENTAL HEALTH

Plaintiff Kellyn Clay, pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, hereby serves the following Interrogatories, Requests for Production of Documents, and Requests for Admission upon Defendant Ellie Family Services, n/k/a Ellie Mental Health (“Ellie”), to be answered fully, separately, and under oath within the time prescribed by law.

⸻

Interrogatories
	1.	Identify all policies, procedures, or training materials in effect between 2018–2025 governing whether AMHRS workers may ride in a client’s vehicle, or permit a client to ride in theirs.
	2.	State whether Ellie maintains any written or unwritten policies prohibiting AMHRS workers from assisting clients with public transportation, including practice trips, and describe such policies in detail.
	3.	Identify all policies, procedures, or training materials in effect between 2018–2025 governing whether AMHRS workers may enter a client’s residence when given permission, including in circumstances of extreme weather or emergency.
	4.	Explain any differences between Ellie’s policies and standard Minnesota social work regulations with respect to client transportation or home access.
	5.	Identify all supervisors, managers, or compliance officers responsible for drafting, approving, or enforcing the policies described in Interrogatories 1–4.
	6.	Identify all employees or contractors who worked in an AMHRS role with Plaintiff, including dates of employment, supervisors, and job duties.

⸻

Requests for Production (RFPs)
	1.	Produce all training manuals, employee handbooks, or guidance documents relating to AMHRS worker transportation policies.
	2.	Produce all training manuals, employee handbooks, or guidance documents relating to AMHRS worker client home access policies.
	3.	Produce any memoranda, emails, or internal communications reflecting exceptions, variances, or discretionary practices in which AMHRS workers were allowed to ride in vehicles with clients.
	4.	Produce all records of disciplinary actions, warnings, or complaints regarding AMHRS workers violating transportation or home access policies.
	5.	Produce all documents reflecting Ellie’s communications with state regulators, insurers, or oversight agencies concerning client transportation or home access.
	6.	Produce the personnel file(s) of Plaintiff’s AMHRS worker(s), including training records, policy acknowledgments, and supervisor evaluations.

⸻

Requests for Admission (RFAs)
	1.	Admit that there is no Minnesota statute or regulation prohibiting AMHRS workers from riding in a client’s vehicle or permitting a client to ride in theirs.
	2.	Admit that any prohibition on AMHRS workers riding in a client’s vehicle or permitting a client to ride in theirs is an Ellie policy, not a state regulation.
	3.	Admit that Ellie AMHRS workers are expected to assist clients with navigating public transportation when requested.
	4.	Admit that Ellie has no written policy prohibiting AMHRS workers from entering a client’s residence with the client’s permission.
	5.	Admit that Ellie requires AMHRS workers to sign acknowledgments of transportation and home access policies as part of their employment.
