IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

KELLYN CLAY,
  Plaintiff,

v.

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
by and through its agencies including but not limited to
the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), Department of Defense (DoD),
and Department of Justice (DOJ),

and

WILLIAM ALTON CLAY,
individually and in his capacity as executor of the Estate of Eugenia Clay Head,

and

PALANTIR TECHNOLOGIES INC.,
a private defense contractor headquartered in Denver, Colorado,

and

JOHN DOE CONTRACTING AGENCIES AND AFFILIATES,
whose names and identities are presently unknown,

and

AMAZON.COM, INC.,
a multinational e-commerce corporation headquartered in Seattle, Washington,

and

REV.COM, INC.,
a transcription and captioning services company headquartered in Austin, Texas,

and

PAPERBOY MARKETING,
a flyer distribution company operating in the Twin Cities under successive ownership during the period of Plaintiff’s employment,

and

ELLIE FAMILY SERVICES, n/k/a ELLIE MENTAL HEALTH, a private mental health services corporation headquartered in Mendota Heights, Minnesota,
  Defendants.

⸻

AFFIDAVIT OF KELLYN CLAY

I, Kellyn Clay, being duly sworn, hereby state as follows:
	1.	I have been a player of Pokémon Go, a mobile game developed by Niantic, Inc. I first began playing the game shortly after its release in 2016 and have intermittently continued to play since that time.
	2.	My gameplay often involved traveling on foot and by vehicle across the Houston and Twin Cities metropolitan area, visiting multiple locations in short succession as incentivized by the game design.
	3.	I was unaware at the time that the travel and location data generated through my gameplay could be collected, purchased, or ingested by government contractors or surveillance systems, including but not limited to Palantir Technologies Inc.
	4.	I had no knowledge or intent that playing Pokémon Go would create travel or movement patterns that could be misclassified as anomalous, subversive, or indicative of “Non-Person Entity (NPE)” status.
	5.	My travel patterns while playing Pokémon Go reflected the requirements of the game design and not my independent lifestyle choices. Any classification of those patterns as anomalous would be erroneous and discriminatory.
    6.  Because of my severe Mast Cell Activation Syndrome (MCAS), Pokémon Go was the only form of entertainment that was medically accessible to me. Any misclassification of my gameplay data as anomalous has an especially harmful impact on me because I am a person with severe medical disabilities. Treating game-induced travel patterns as suspicious or anomalous constitutes disability discrimination, as it compounds preexisting targeting and denial of services connected to my health conditions.
	7.	It is my sworn testimony that any data traces created by my Pokémon Go gameplay were induced by Niantic’s design incentives and were not indicative of risk, subversion, or anomaly in any legitimate sense.

I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Executed this ___ day of _____, 2025.

⸻

Kellyn Clay

